The Homer Simpson Clause:
DISCLAIMER:  All decisions of the judges are arbitrary and final.  Not officially sponsored or authorized by AGE, PGA, CIA or IRS.  This software is delivered "AS IS" without warranty of any kind.
The Software is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage.  (from Netscape License Agreement)
Further, SUPPLIER does not warrant, guarantee or make any representations regarding the use, or the results of use of the software in terms of correctness, accuracy, reliability, correctness or otherwise.  In no event shall SUPPLIER nor anyone else be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use or inability to use this software. Consult your physician before using this Object.  Batteries not included.  May cause drowsiness.  Must be over 17.  Not available in all states.  Not responsible for acts of God.  Prices subject to change without notice.  Proof of purchase required.  Read label before using.  Some assembly required.  Not responsible for typografical errors.  Some restrictions apply.  Subject to local regulation.  Warrantee period limited.  Close cover before striking.  No resemblance to any person, living or dead, is intended.  Subject to availability.  No COD's.  Sales tax not included.  Shipping and handling extra.  For external use only.  May cause excitability.  Avoid alcoholic beverages while using this Object.  If symptoms persist, consult your vetenarian.  Keep this and all Objects out of the reach of children.  Parental guidance suggested.  The buyer assumes all risks associated with using this Object.  In case of irritation, flush eyes with cold water and consult your physician.  Not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  Use with adequate ventilation.  Avoid repeated or prolonged contact with skin.  Contents under pressure; do not puncture or incinerate.  Store in original containers.  Harmful if swallowed.  Do not fold, bend, staple or mutilate.  Any alteration or modification of this Object will void the warranty. 
PLEASE NOTE: Some quantum physics theories suggest that when the consumer is not directly observing this Object, it may cease to exist or will exist only in a vague and undetermined state.
